WBFMM is a Wide Band (soon) Fast Multipole Method library for the
Helmholtz equation, with an extension for the Laplace (static)
problem. It efficiently computes an estimate of the field generated by
distributions of point sources at a set of target points.

The basic algorithms are those of Gumerov and Duraiswami (details are
given at appropriate points in the in-code documentation).

# Prerequisites

WBFMM requires
- BLAS wrapper https://github.com/mjcarley/blaswrap

which is a wrapper for BLAS routines used in the code.

# Installation

Installation instructions are given in the file INSTALL. If you have
downloaded the github distribution, you will need to set up the
automake system by running

`./autogen.sh`

in the root directory of the source code. You can then go through the
usual autotools configure process

`./configure (options)`

# Default optimization

WBFMM gives quite poor performance with the default `-O2` optimization
from `autotools`. The default compiler flags in the configuration are
`-O3 -g`. If you want to override this default (for debugging, for
example), you can use the `CFLAGS` variable. For example, to switch
off all optimization and use debugging:

`./configure CFLAGS="-O0 -g" ...`

If you want to use code optimized with AVX extensions (this is
experimental but does give a performance improvement in the code where
it is in use) pass the compiler flag WBFMM_USE_AVX. For example:

`./configure CFLAGS="-O3 -g -DWBFMM_USE_AVX" ...`

To compile the code:

`make`

and to install it:

`make install`
